# 阅读经验教训



## 2021-11-29 Official66-2 



| 真题         | 题目                                                         | 正确率 |
| ------------ | ------------------------------------------------------------ | ------ |
| Official66-2 | [Vision of the Land](http://top.zhan.com/toefl/read/start.html?article_id=2461&scenario=13&type=2) | 80%    |
|              |                                                              |        |
|              |                                                              |        |



**生词：**

| 单词               | 解释 | 单词           | 解释 |
| ------------------ | ---- | -------------- | ---- |
| vantage            |      | advantage      |      |
| howling wilderness |      | preconceptions |      |
| receptacle         |      | menacing       |      |
| unhindered         |      |                |      |



### Vantage vs Advantage

An advantage is a benefit: “an advantage for me” means you’re getting something out of it.

You wouldn’t say it’s a vantage for me. Vantage refers to sight, more commonly a vantage point. For example, if you climb to the top of a hill, you have a good vantage point over the city





-  create sweeping vistas,

- have brought results neither anticipated nor intended. ？？？

- 【good】have reshaped the natural environment to meet their physical wants and spiritual needs.

- Native American visions of the landscape not surprisingly **featured** people living in harmony with nature,

- This remote, rocky, barren, bushy, wild-woody wilderness, a receptacle for lions, wolves, bears, foxes, racoons, beavers, otters, and all kind of wild creatures, a place that never afforded the Natives better than the flesh of a few wild creatures and parched Indian corn inched out with chestnuts and bitter acorns, now through the mercy of Christ [has] become a second England for fertility in so short a space, that it is indeed the wonder of the world

- In part,  （某种程度上） = to a certain extent =  to some degree=  in a way

  >  In a way it was one of our biggest mistakes

- Seeking to tame the land and to conquer their fear of it, generations of seventeenth- and eighteenth-century settlers nevertheless failed to gain the mastery they desired. 

- other human undertakings have brought results neither anticipated nor intended

- An undertaking is a task or job, especially a large or difficult one.

  > Organizing the show has been a massive undertaking

If you give an undertaking to do something, you formally promise to do it.
When he delivered his budget he gave an undertaking to increase spending on health.



- invariably ：To expedite travel and facilitate the shipment of agricultural produce, newcomers invariably built their homes along rivers.
- So, rather than adapting to their new land, the English either changed it by cutting trees, b、
- Microcredit is one example, in part because poor men seem to be more feckless borrowers than their female counterparts.
  如小额贷款，部分原因是贫困妇女相较贫困男性而言更为软弱